= Redmine Wiki Astah-macro plugin

Redmine Wiki Astah-macro plugin allows Redmine's wiki to embed image of the diagram which is described by astah*
 http://passing.breeze.cc/mt/archives/2010/08/astah-redmine-wiki-2.html

== Features

* Add wiki macro {{astah_diagram}}
* The plugin makes it link to the image which is exported from .asta file.
* Note: To create embeded image, you must run Astah.export_diagrams() periodically by some scheduler which like a cron.

=== {{astah_diagram}} macro

* Embed image which is exported from the diagram which is described by astah*.

    {{astah_diagram(asta=public:foo.asta, namespace/diagram)}}
    {{astah_diagram(asta=source:/repo/path/foo.asta, namespace/diagram)}}
    {{astah_diagram(option=value...,public:foo.asta, namespace/diagram)}}

    Old format:
    {{astah_diagram(source:/repo/path/foo.asta, namespace/diagram)}}
  
Note: .asta file path should be 'public:path/to/asta.asta' or 'source:repositorypath/to/asta.asta'.

Note: Diagram path follows to astah*'s export function. If your diagram name (or namespace) contains '/', the function convert it to '_'.

Note: After redmine 1.3.0, The sequence of expanding wiki links is changed. So, 'source:path/to/file.asta' is expanded as HTML link before executing the macro. To avoid link expansion, you should specify it like "asta=source:path/to/file.asta".

* target=value : Additional attribute for IMG.
   e.g.) _blank
* align=value : Additional attribute for IMG.
   e.g.) right, left
* width=value : Additional attribute for IMG. 
   e.g.) 200px, 100%
* height=value : Additional attribute for IMG. 
   e.g.) 200px, 50%

== Requirement

* Redmine 1.1.0 or later.
* astah* professional 6.2 or later http://astah.change-vision.com/ja/
  * (For linux)
    * Extract zip version of its distribution.
    * Configure the environment able to run JudeCommandRunner.
       For example. http://passing.breeze.cc/mt/archives/2010/05/astah-redmine-wiki-1.html 

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from http://passing.breeze.cc/mt/redmine_plugin

Source code:
git://github.com/tckz/redmine_wiki_astah.git

== Install

1. Copy the plugin tree into #{RAILS_ROOT}/vendor/plugins/
    e.g.)
    #{RAILS_ROOT}/vendor/
      plugins/
        redmine_wiki_astah/
2. Configure variable value in script.
    (For linux)Configure variable value in redmine_wiki_astah/run-astah.sh
      ASTAH_HOME : Point the directory where astah-pro.jar is exist.
      DISPLAY    : Point to your display(such as X Server).
                   Recent astah* does not require Dispaly to export diagrams.
                   If you use older astah*, you should setup DISPLAY.
    (For Windows)Configure variable value in redmine_wiki_astah/run-astah.bat
      ASTAH_HOME : Point the directory where astah-pro.jar is exist.
3. rake db:migrate:plugins RAILS_ENV=production
4. Restart Redmine.
5. Login to Redmine as an Administrator 
6. Setup wiki astah-macro settings in the Plugin settings panel.
    'secret key' : Specify any random text you like.
7. To create embeded image, you must configure to execute Astah.export_diagrams() periodically.
    
    #{RAILS_ROOT}/script/runner Astah.export_diagrams -e production
    
    Note: Please take care of the user who runs redmine and Astah.export_diagrams.
    Note: If you execute the method on Windows, you must make sure that run-astah.bat on the PATH.
          One easy way to accomplish above, run the .bat like below.
          
          @echo off
          cd path\to\vendor\plugins\redmine_wiki_astah
          path\to\ruby.exe ..\..\..\script\runner Astah.export_diagrams -e production

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  
See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Known Issues

* ver 0.0.1: If database is MySQL, db:migrate:plugins fails.
   Please drop table astahs manually. And download newest version and try to migrate again.

== My environment

* CentOS 6.2 x64
* ruby-1.8.7-p352
* mysql-server-5.1.52-1.el6_0.1.x86_64
* redmine-1.3.0
* astah* pro 6.5.1

